The boss is not good.
Zhang Yang, who he brought with him, rebelled.
What to do?
He said boss, you are greedy for beauty.
Disrespect him, the head of the company
A lot of people want to be with him now.
Resign with him.
The company is moving in the right direction right now.
If only we could send people to work right now.
The company will not be able to save it.
Don't worry.
The company will be fine.
So I went out to see what was going on.
Follow me later, I'll promote you.
General Manager Qin Zhang has worked hard for the company for so many years.
Are you going to fire him for a woman?
We've got to break one of his legs.
It's not fair to him.
Yeah, you have to apologize to him.
Otherwise we collectively resign.
General Director Qin, even though this company is your acquisition.
But I'm the main employee of this company.
I'm telling you.
Because a woman pedaled these two boats.
Dare to fire the company senate
You must know
This consequence you can bear.
You're threatening me.
No, no, General Director Qin
I didn't threaten you?
I'm just telling the truth.
But General Director Qin
If you apologize to me
He beat this woman to death.
I can let them keep working.